


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}


***BGround_BG06_00


Today's heat was even more abnormal than 
yesterday.

I stopped weeding the backyard and changed my 
schedule to cleaning the hallway to avoid the 
blazing sun.

Once it's clean enough, I take a breath and lean 
against the wall. Just then, I hear footsteps from 
somewhere.


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{50}

The soft, distant pattering of footsteps could be 
heard from the floor right next to the wall she 
was leaning against.

The sound of her footsteps as she moves around 
restlessly makes me think of her as a student, not 
a teacher.

？？？
『......, ..., ...』

I hear a girl's murmured voice. I wonder who it 
is...?

***BGround_BG27_01


？？？(CH01_0148)
『...But she’s not here, so what should I do? I 
　wonder where the classroom is... Ugh... Maybe she 
　was one year younger than me, not on this floor...』


Is that... Otoha-chan?

Looks like she's hesitating. Should I come up here 
and call out to her? Or...

The moment I think that, the footsteps coming down 
toward me grow louder.


***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_Mix{60}


And then, from the stairs a little higher than the 
landing, I suddenly saw her head.


***ST_オトハ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み02_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0149)
『Ah!』


When our eyes met, she immediately smiled after 
being surprised.

***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0150)
『Mister!』


Waving her hand, she looked at me and ran down 
several steps.


***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_Mix{100}


Then she reached the landing and began descending 
the stairs to the floor I was on again without 
stopping.

主人公
『Oh, Otoha-chan. In such a rare place.』

She must be really happy to have found me, because 
she runs even faster as she looks at me.


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}


***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑_口微笑_赤み03_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0151)
『It’s a coincidence to see you here! Hehe, I’m so 
　happy...』


***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口驚き_赤み02_中央

Ah... There were still more than a few steps left, 
but I could feel Otoha-chan’s stance slipping 
forward.

***SE_つまずくBody armor 1

主人公
『Watch out...!!』


***FadeIn_InSide_Black　


***SE_ドスン・ドサ音2
***CameraShake
***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口驚き_赤み02_画面外
***BGround_BG99_00


主人公
『O-Otoha-chan, are you okay...?』


***SE_Heart beating_Mix
My heart was still racing.

...Did she catch Otoha-chan?

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0152)
『O-ji...san...』


Ah...


***FadeOut_InSide_Black　
***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_00

Otoha-chan was right in front of me with a stiff 
expression... which meant she was fine...

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0153)
『M-Mister, I...』


主人公
『...Are you hurt? Owowowow...』

I try to wrap my arms around her shoulders, but I 
lose to the force of her sudden jump...

Unable to keep my balance, I fell on my butt.

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0154)
『A-Are you okay...?』


...That's good. But still... Otoha-chan's really 
close...

A woman's... or rather, a fainter, sweeter, 
girlish smell. My nose twitches on its own, trying 
to inhale it.

Ah, the smell of a woman I haven't smelled in a 
long time... No, not only has it been a while, but 
it's the first time I've smelled it.

Moreover, because we were pressed up against each 
other, I could clearly feel the warmth of her warm 
body.


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_01


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0155)
『I-I’m sorry! Does it hurt, Uncle? Are you okay?』


主人公
『Y-Yeah... I’m fine. I fell over like I was 
　falling on my butt, so it’s no big deal.』

It's tingling, but it really shouldn't be a big 
deal.

More importantly, the pleasant smell from 
Otoha-chan is making me intensely horny.

I'll wake up Otoha-chan and wake up too.

If I don't, I'll definitely get an erection. The 
girl I've turned into a freak is in my arms. It'd 
be weirder if I didn't.

Hm...?

My hand is touching...

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_02

...Otoha-chan's boobs.

主人公
『...?!』

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_03


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0156)
『Ah, s-sorry, Uncle. It’s heavy, isn’t it?』


No, that's not it. What's pressing against my hand 
right now... is this girl's breasts, which are 
close enough for me to feel her breath.

It's probably through her bra... but I can tell 
it's soft and firm.

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_04


I couldn't help but put strength into my fingers.

Yeah... It's exactly what I imagined it would be.

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_05


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0157)
『I-It’s so modern...!!』


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_06


Otoha-chan seems to have realized that we're too 
close, too, but if she moves carelessly, she'll 
never get up.

Her still-young, still-growing breasts hit the 
palm of my hand, and she moved in accordance with 
her fleshiness.

This is... pretty bad... The urge to blow 
everything away and thrust my cock into her is 
building up.

A child who was just raping her, her own niece... 
That wasn't the case right now. She really was 
looking at her like this up close.

I want to rape her. I want sex with this girl. I need 
to teach her how to be a man. I also want to make her 
blush even more and make her climax with my own hands.

I wonder what kind of voice it'll make. I wonder 
if it's as loud as the one I'm hearing right now. 
How will it sound at first...?

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_07


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0158)
『Ah... Mmm...』


And with Otoha-chan gasping quietly, I finally 
came to my senses.

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_08


主人公
『I-I’ll get up.』

I try to act calm, but I talk too fast. My head 
feels like it's going to burst with lust for 
Otoha-chan's body.

All at once, the lust I had been holding back 
became unstoppable. My breathing became ragged.

I want to keep touching her like this. I wanna rub 
her more. The sensation of her size is so raw and 
lewd.

Underneath these clothes... they're covered in 
fine, smooth skin, just like the skin I can see.

And the protrusion in the middle of it was...


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_09


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0159)
『No... Nnh, I-I’ll get out of the way...』


I couldn't help but rub her lightly. But she 
probably didn't find out on purpose.


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_10


I want to hear more. I want her to touch me. I 
need to make her cry out. This is a good 
opportunity. This might never happen again.

主人公
『Otoha-chan...』

I want to enjoy the sensation just one more time.

I move my fingers slightly in time with her 
breathing so she won't notice.

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0160)
『Wah... What should I do?』


Otoha-chan's face is getting redder and redder. 
She's so close... It's unbearably arousing.

Her breathing is ragged at the same time. It feels 
like the foreplay of sex itself.

主人公
『Otoha-chan, um...』

My fingers, my hands are happy. ...I can't help 
but want to rape her. I want to turn the tables 
and pin her down.

That's right. Pushing her down, holding her down 
violently, spreading her legs...


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_11


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0161)
『M-Mister... um... ‘something’... is... hitting 
　me...』


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_12


主人公
『Gh...』

Crap... If imagining it this much turns me on, 
then it's only natural that I'm erect.

Normally, I wouldn't think anything of getting 
excited and erect, but right now, my body is glued 
to hers.

And that person knows. On top of that, she's my 
niece.


***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_13


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0162)
『......』

The blood drained from my face for a moment.

But Otoha-chan's expression doesn't seem to abhor 
my vulgarity. She's just embarrassed and confused.

...It would probably be better for both of us to 
just laugh it off.

I couldn't think of any other way to get it under 
control.

主人公
『S-Sorry, sorry. Hahaha...』

***Cinema_CI01-OP-0201_14


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0163)
『N-No. Um... You’re a man... aren’t you? I-I’m the 
　one who’s sorry...』


What was this reaction? Was it out of her natural 
kindness, or because she was confused...?

Feeling a little calmer, I picked Otoha-chan up.


***Cinema_END
***BGround_BG27_00


主人公
『Um... Are you really okay?』

I try to act cool, but my crotch is still 
twitching, and our breathing is still ragged.

Her innocence makes her stand out even more.

***ST_オトハ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0164)
『Mm...』


主人公
『I see. ...That’s good, then.』

***ST_オトハ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0165)
『I...is 1B in the classroom...on this floor...?』


主人公
『Ah, if that’s the case, it’s right at the end of 
　this floor, not up the stairs, but around a 
　little.』

As I explain, I can't help but think about the 
sensation of my fingers again.

***ST_オトハ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0166)
『Th-Thank you. It’s my first supplementary lesson 
　from now on, but I’m lost... I’ll go.』


***ST_オトハ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_画面外


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}


Even after Otoha-chan disappeared from view, 
Ichimoto didn't wither. She was still rock-hard.

More than being found out, I let out a sigh at the 
fact that we couldn't stay tangled up like that.


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0167)
『Haah, haah...』


***SE_走り去る足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}
***BGround_BG06_00


***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***ST_オトハ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0168)
『Huff... Huff... huff.』


***ST_オトハ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0169)
『I came running... I need to calm down a 
　little...』


***ST_オトハ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0170)
『Uncle... My chest...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0171)
『Uncle’s hand...like this...』


***ST_オトハ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0172)
『Nnh... Nnnh...』


***ST_オトハ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0173)
『No. I’m making weird noises...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0174)
『What is this...? My heart’s beating really fast. 
　When I think about how my uncle touched me... it 
　feels weird. It’s itchy...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0175)
『I... want to touch it more... Hide... in this 
　shadow...』


***FadeIn_InSide_Black
-------


***BGround_BG28_00

―――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***ST_オトハ_E1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み07_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0176)
『You’re... touching me with the hand of the man 
　you love... Nnh...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0177)
『I’m... touching it myself... but it’s completely 
　different from back then... And yet... now that I 
　think about it, I’m really... excited...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0178)
『My boobs... made your pussy... really hard... 
　Haa, haa...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0179)
『...!!! I’m... excited even with my own words.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑NL_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0180)
『I’m getting chills... Hahh... nnh...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0181)
『Huff, huff... Huff...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0182)
『I can tell your nipples through your clothes. 
　You're pushing up your bra... and rubbing it.』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0183)
『Haah haah...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りNL_口困り_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0184)
『It hurts. It’s not the pain after running... What 
　is this...?』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0185)
『Oji-san’s... b-big... That was... a man’s 
　d-d-dick... wasn’t it...?』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み07

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0186)
『It’s because Uncle got excited over me... Haa, 
　haa... He’s like that, isn’t he...?』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0187)
『If it’s gotten bigger, that means...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み09

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0188)
『I-It's because... I want to have sex... or 
　something, right...?』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0189)
『Haah, haah...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0190)
『But that thing’s going to go inside me... That’s 
　what you’re saying, right? Is something that big 
　going to... go in...?』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0191)
『I’m sweating profusely. It’s really hot.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0192)
『Hah, hah... But I wonder if it’s going to go 
　in... I wonder what it’ll feel like... It looks 
　really, painful...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0193)
『Hahh... ah... I-I wonder if it’ll feel good... 
　When a man’s thing... gets bigger, it’s actually 
　like that...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0194)
『I can’t stop touching your chest. Doing this at 
　school... I have to go to supplementary lessons.』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0195)
『Mm... hah... ah... ahh... ha...』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0196)
『I’m just touching your breasts, your boobs... but when I 
　think you’re touching me, it’s completely different... A 
　sensation I don’t know wells up from deep within my body.』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0197)
『It’s tingling, and I’m shivering, and my head... 
　is wobbling. It’s like I can’t breathe, and the 
　back of my nose is prickling...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0198)
『M-Mister... ah, haa... ah...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口無表情_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0199)
『If we find something like this... No, even if we 
　don’t find it, we can’t.』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0200)
『Ever since I met you, Uncle, I’ve been acting a 
　little weird...』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑NL_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0201)
『Something’s wrong. But I can’t stop.』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み08

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0202)
『What should I do...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み09

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0203)
『I’ve gone crazy...』


