


***SELoop_se_COCicadasILS2R_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}

***BGround_BG99_00

She was taking a break, having somehow managed to 
do the chores that several teachers had asked her 
to do one after another.

Maybe it’s because I used Rino’s dreams as a side 
dish before dawn and masturbated a lot until the 
sky turned white

I'm already lazy, and even a little work is a 
pain.


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

――――――――

――――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***BGround_BG06_00

It hadn’t been swept for two days, but when I 
swung my mop, the dust rose lightly.

The hallways in the classrooms used by the 
upperclassmen were in this state, even though almost 
no one was supposed to be using them during summer vacation.

As soon as I start working, the sweat I've been 
sweating from my break starts to pour out.

I mindlessly clean the grounds, listening to the 
club's distant shouts.

Hot, sluggish... If I don't think about it too 
much, I'll get irritated.

The long hallway without a single student seemed 
even longer and wider.

I want to get a better job. On the other hand, I 
don't want my pay to be extremely low. This job is 
the limit of my patience.

...I thought I was being reckless, but along with 
my sweat, I started to feel dissatisfied. I 
lightly wiped the sweat off my sleeve.

？？？(CH02_0173)
『I’d like to talk to you about something.』


I stop when I hear a sudden voice. It's a voice I 
know well. I wipe away another drop of sweat and 
turn around.

***BGM_不穏な空気{100}


***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03_中央

主人公
『Rino-chan, huh? What’s wrong?』

***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}[0](1)

She was staring meekly at me as she walked.


暁 莉乃(CH02_0174)
『...It looks like you’re at work, but there’s 
　something I want to talk to you about, so could 
　you stop your hands?』


***SE_ゆっくり足音_concrete normal_running_mix{100}[0](1)


主人公
『Talk?』

Even though I'm covered in sweat, she walks up to 
me without so much as a word of thanks.

She's not cute, but now that I look at her again, 
she's a good woman with a body that I like.

Her arms and legs were taut from the exercise, but 
the curves of her round body were unique to women 
who couldn’t hide them.

In this heat, her skin is slightly sweaty and 
taut. It naturally tempts me to look at her.

A joke like that appears in front of me. It hasn't 
even been that long since I pulled it out, but my 
crotch feels hot again.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0175)
『I really don’t want to talk about it here, 
　but...』


主人公
『In that case, why don’t we come to your room and 
　talk?』

With the dream of this morning still fresh in my 
mind, I immediately invite her. I'm even more 
irresistible about the time than I saw in the dream.

When she was attached to me, she followed me 
everywhere with two replies. Sometimes I had a 
hard time pulling her off.

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口への字_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0176)
『No. No. I don’t want to go to a place where I’ll 
　be alone with you.』


She spits it out in utter disgust. Not only that, 
but she doesn't call me 'Uncle' or 'You'.'

How could I hate a girl who was so attached to me 
just because we were apart for a little while...?

After all I’ve done for you, what do you think I’m 
getting the wrong idea about? Just how much do you 
know about this woman called you?

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0177)
『Hey. Don’t space out when I’m trying to talk to 
　you. It’s important.』


On the inside, I clucked my tongue in 
impertinence, but tried to act calm.

主人公
『...I’m listening. Just tell me.』

***SE_door_fridge_close_stereo{100}[0](1)

Suppressing my irritation, I propped the cleaning 
supplies up against the wall.

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0178)
『You came to the gym during club activities 
　before, and you were always looking at me... like 
　a club member.』


主人公
『I’m glad you’re so carefree and hard at your club 
　with such a young body. Young girls really are 
　nice.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0179)
『Gh... Don’t talk about your young body, even if 
　you think about it. ...Geez, I really don’t like 
　that about you.』


主人公
『You’re actually young, Rino-chan.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0180)
『That’s not what I meant...』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0181)
『Sigh... Anyway, I don’t want you to say that kind 
　of sexual harassment.』


Her expression was grim, but her thin, see-through 
skin and underwear made my eyes water.

***Face_リノ_目怒りNL_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0182)
『Even now, she's trying to invite me to her room 
　right away...』


主人公
『Rino-chan said she didn’t want to stand here and 
　talk, so I just suggested it.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0183)
『I see.』


She sounded annoyed when I gave her a short reply 
like she was being swept away.

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0184)
『Anyway, I’m sure the janitor would come to the 
　gym sometimes, but he’d stand out if you stared at 
　him like that...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0185)
『Could you stop staring at me? Especially when I’m 
　in public.』


I'll embrace her, develop her... But while I'm 
away from this town, you'll make a man and make a 
great woman out of her?

主人公
『Is it okay if there’s no one around? Rino was 
　happy to be seen, after all.』

I purposefully blow on it.

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0186)
『Gh...!! I told you, that’s not it!! And stop 
　talking about that stuff already!』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0187)
『Gh...』


She must have noticed me grinning, because she 
suddenly stopped herself from getting upset.

...This is boring. If I'm going to make a request, 
I should probably do something to entertain her.

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨みNL_口つぐみ_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0188)
『I don’t want people to think I’m weird. It’s more 
　like I don't want them to suspect me...』


主人公
『Wouldn’t that just make Rino-chan worry too 
　much?』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口への字_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0189)
『No. Actually, Otoha, and my underclassmen... 
　They’re suspicious because they think it’s kind of 
　weird when you’re around.』


Putting Otoha-chan aside, that gal-like 
underclassman certainly had sharp intuition.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0190)
『So don’t worry if you see me anymore.』


***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0191)
『...Mm, we used to... have a relationship, but...』


主人公
『...What do you mean, in the past?』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03

暁 莉乃(CH02_0192)
『Uh... well, it was before... when you left this 
　town a few years ago and went to work far away.』


主人公
『Yeah. You mean before that.』

It's obvious that she's losing her vigor. She 
hasn't changed at all, just because it's an act.

Interesting. I'll poke you.

主人公
『So, which relationship do you mean by 
　‘relationship’?』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口への字_赤み03

暁 莉乃
『......』

***Face_リノ_目怒りNL_口つぐみ_赤み03

主人公
『You won’t understand if you don’t say anything. 
　What’s wrong?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0193)
『...It’s not like I’m going to stay quiet...』


It was incoherent right away. How would she react 
if I riled her up more?

主人公
『A lot happened with Rino-chan, after all... If 
　you don’t tell me properly, I won’t know for 
　sure.』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0194)
『Gh...』


Even if she had a boyfriend, if she hasn't done 
anything yet, she's actually still my woman.

Despite that, she's poking at me so hard that I 
can't stop her.

Let's make that a reality.

主人公
『We had a lot of fun together, didn’t we? We 
　stayed at Rino-chan’s house together for a long 
　time...』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み04

主人公
『Didn’t I do something sneaky in my room when Mom 
　and Dad were around...? For someone who’s been 
　sneaking around, I must’ve let out a loud voice and sound...』

As I fanned the flames, I started to remember and 
get excited myself.

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み05

The woman glaring at me right in front of me is 
the woman I held in my arms, holding my cock in 
her mouth and getting off hard.

Her face gets redder and redder with every word 
she says.

Even her breathing, which was starting to grow 
ragged with anger, was agitating.

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み06

主人公
『That’s right. Rino-chan’s greedy, and she’s with 
　her uncle a lot, even outside the house...』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0195)
『It’s already over!!』


A strained voice echoes through the hallway. I'm a 
little surprised.

主人公
『...You mean, it’s over?』

I ask her slowly, deliberately.

***ST_リノ_D2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0196)
『That’s right. It’s over. So that’s why it’ll 
　never happen again in the future.』


She's staring at me, trying to catch her breath.

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口つぐみ_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0197)
『That’s... That’s what I came to tell you. I 
　wanted to say it properly.』


主人公
『Huh. Something like that, huh...? I wish you’d 
　tell me exactly what it’s like.』

***ST_リノ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0198)
『I haven’t told anyone either, and I don’t intend 
　to. I won’t... so please... don't bring it up 
　again... like you did now.』


She ignores my words and is exposed. She must be 
remembering the past.

***Face_リノ_目怒りNL_口無表情_赤み07

主人公
『Absolutely not, huh...? That’s too bad. Even 
　though Rino-chan’s a really attractive woman... 
　Hah, what a waste.』

***ST_リノ_D2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0199)
『Don’t be ridiculous!』


主人公
『I’m not joking. When we actually faced each other 
　like this and looked at Rino-chan, that’s what I 
　thought again.』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0200)
『I don’t want to anymore.』


主人公
『Why?』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口つぐみ_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0201)
『Wh-Why...? Isn’t that obvious? I-It’s something I 
　shouldn’t do...』


主人公
『Rino-chan says it’s wrong, but...』

主人公
『I still remember what you asked for the most 
　intensely when you decided to work far away and 
　left town.』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0202)
『Stop it. I told you not to bring it up again. I 
　don’t want to remember!』


主人公
『Uncle sometimes remembers. Rino straddles him on 
　her own, swinging her hips...』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0203)
『I told you to stop!』


主人公
『Rino-chan told me to come inside...』

***ST_リノ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口怒り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0204)
『That’s enough!!』


***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0205)
『...I don’t want to tell you, but right now... I’m 
　dating someone.』


...I had expected this, but I guess this is the 
main topic. Ah, this really is ridiculous.

主人公
『Huh... So there’s a guy out there. Rino-chan’s 
　perverted, and she always attracts guys, no matter 
　what.』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み07

暁 莉乃(CH02_0206)
『Gh...』


***Face_リノ_目睨み_口つぐみ_赤み07

I thought she was going to yell again, but she 
held back.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目睨みNL_口無表情_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0207)
『...Now that I’ve found someone I really like, I 
　know.』


***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0208)
『In the past, I thought I liked you because it was 
　just a misunderstanding. That’s not true love...』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0209)
『That’s why that really won’t happen anymore, and 
　I want you to stay out of it. Even if you see me, 
　don’t talk to me.』


***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0210)
『...I told you what I wanted to tell you. That’s 
　all.』


She must have spit out what she wanted to say, 
because she's back to her quiet expression despite 
her thorns when she called out to me.

I see, so this woman thinks this is the end of 
everything. She still has a long way to go... Her 
thoughts are so young.

Wasn't her body the only reason she had grown so 
lewdly—no...just to seduce a man?

There was no way her “body” would forget about her 
discipline.

主人公
『Gh, hahahaha.』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0211)
『...What are you laughing at?』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み06

主人公
『You’ve caught a man on your own and grown up to 
　catch him, haven’t you?』

Suppressing a laugh, I deliberately lick around 
the body of the woman in front of me with my eyes.

Even when she glared at him, it felt like nothing 
more than a puppy threatening him.

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0212)
『Okay, I’ll be going now.』


Before she could slip past me, she gently stepped 
forward and stood in front of me as I was about to 
leave.

主人公
『Rino-chan says, I’ve known for a while that 
　you’re dating someone.』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04

暁 莉乃
『...?!』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み04

暁 莉乃(CH02_0213)
『How do you know that?!』


主人公
『This is where your uncle works, you know? ...He’s 
　at school all day for work. That evening when Rino 
　was attacked...』
***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口への字_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0214)
『Don’t tell me... y-you were... peeking at me back 
　then?』


主人公
『How disheartening. I’m not peeking. I can see 
　everything there if I go around from the work 
　shed.』

I took a step toward Rino, who winced and glared 
at me.

主人公
『Rino-chan was chatting with that man while our 
　bodies were glued to each other, wasn’t she?』

Another step. ...Rino-chan's breath hit me.

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口への字_赤み04_アップ

主人公
『It’s this close...』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04

暁 莉乃(CH02_0215)
『Hey...』


主人公
『Uncle, I know all too well that you like male 
　smells, Rino-chan.』

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み04_アップ

暁 莉乃(CH02_0216)
『...I-I’ll scream, okay?』


She's acting amazing, but this woman doesn't even 
realize that it's exciting.

主人公
『Taka-kun, was it...? I’m sure Rino-chan was even 
　more excited than he was, wasn’t she?』

When I mentioned the man’s name, he must have 
meant to shout... Rino’s mouth, which was about to 
open, froze in that shape.

主人公
『Besides... Rather than shouting, why don’t you 
　push your uncle away like you did back then?』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0217)
『Gh...』


主人公
『I feel sorry for that Taka-kun boyfriend of 
　yours.』

***Face_リノ_目怒り_口無表情_赤み05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0218)
『Wha, gh...』


主人公
『She’s convinced that she’s been pushed out of her 
　purity, but in fact, another man has already 
　spread her legs a lot...』

I stroked her hips with my hand.

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み05_アップ

暁 莉乃(CH02_0219)
『No, don’t touch me!』


I should just push her away... This girl really 
hasn't changed. ...I can't change. My body 
remembers what lies ahead.

主人公
『You probably can’t even imagine holding a cock in 
　your mouth, being creampied, being delighted, and 
　climaxing all the time.』

From her hips to her crotch, I stroked her around 
impatiently as I ran my fingers along her panties.

***Face_リノ_目焦りCE_口怒り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0220)
『N-No... No...』


...I trained her so she wouldn't be able to push me away. If she 
　anticipated the pleasure, she'd obey me no matter what. The main 
　character: 『You got scared because you were lusting on the inside back then too, didn't you?』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口焦り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0221)
『No, stop!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_00
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_前戯中_喘ぎ2_初期{20}


主人公
『What’s the difference? Even if you can’t expose 
　it to your boyfriend, those words won’t work on 
　me, since I know Rino’s true nature.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0222)
『Haah haah... That’s not it.』


主人公
『No, no, even if you deny it with your mouth...』

主人公
『Maybe she’s breathing heavily and wants you to 
　touch her so badly she can’t take it anymore?』

She smells like a female I know well. She really 
is my woman. Where and how do I touch her, and 
what do I feel?

I can tell how good it is in my hands.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0223)
『Let go of me there!』


主人公
『Oh geez... It hasn’t changed how wet you get 
　right away.』

***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_01

暁 莉乃(CH02_0224)
『I-If I scream, you’re done for...!』


主人公
『I see. I’ll make you scream in a different voice, 
　Uncle.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0225)
『Stop it!』


主人公
『I won’t stop. Let’s make up for all the time 
　you’ve been holding back by making your uncle feel 
　good and feel better.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_02


暁 莉乃(CH02_0226)
『Auh... nnngh...!!!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_03
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_前戯中_喘ぎ2_後期{20}


Her vaginal flesh clung to my fingers so tightly 
that I thought I'd been waiting for it.

主人公
『It’s still an indecent pussy that swallows all 
　the way to the back on its own with just a 
　fingertip.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0227)
『Yah, gh... ah, ah... ah... hah...』


主人公
『It’s gotten like this... So you’ve been wet since 
　we were talking. That’s Rino-chan for you.』

主人公
『Does your fingers feel good after so long, Uncle? 
　You’re holding them in your mouth like they’re 
　delicious...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0228)
『Mnah, I-I won’t move... Deh... ah...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_04

主人公
『Look, she’s happily replying with a lewd sound of 
　‘delicious’, you know? ...It’s a good meat jar for 
　a daughter her age.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0229)
『You... gah, I-I’ll... move you...! Stop... 
　nnah...』


主人公
『Lies aren’t good. Rino-chan’s pussy is sucking on 
　it on its own, and it’s twitching, so I’m 
　comforting her.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0230)
『That’s... what? I’m begging you... ah, ahhh... 
　haah, ah... ah!』


主人公
『Even though you’ve been grinding your adult cock 
　so many times, it’s still as tight and exciting as 
　ever, isn’t it?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0231)
『Ah, ah... No, no... That’s not it...』


主人公
『Yeah, yeah, no, no. Rino-chan only becomes a 
　pervert to her uncle, so she’s different in front 
　of her boyfriend.』

***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_05
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_小刻み_喘ぎ1_初期{20}


暁 莉乃(CH02_0232)
『Ah, ah, aaah... Nnah, not there...! ...Ahh, 
　hah... nnah, ah... S-Stop your finger...!! Aaah!!』


主人公
『Aww... There’s so much pussy juice that looks 
　like it’s peeing... ...It’s dirtying the hallway, 
　and that’s going to make more work for the old man...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0233)
『Y-You’re going to... move, so... yah, nnnnh... 
　noo... ah, haah haah... ahh, ahh.』


主人公
『I’ll make sure to clean the lewd wet spots for 
　you. Having your pussy churned up so magnificently 
　in a place like this...』

主人公
『Someone’s feeling good... Yeah, especially 
　Taka-kun. It’d be bad if he found out.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0234)
『Ah, ah... nnahh...!! P-Please, stop...! You 
　can’t, ahh... nh... really... don’t...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_06

主人公
『If you get rubbed, Rno-chan, the old man will 
　remember where you’re weak... I’m pretty sure it’s 
　here.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0235)
『Nnhii! No, no... Not there... Really... ah, hah, 
　ahh... nnah, ah, ah!』


主人公
『I’m sure you’ve been digging into this slutty 
　pussy of yours a lot while I wasn’t around to 
　comfort you, but...』

主人公
『I’m sure it’s far from the feeling of an adult 
　man’s fingers, so the lecherous Rino-chan couldn’t 
　be satisfied, right?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0236)
『Hah, ah, ah... I-I didn’t do that... nnah, auh, 
　aaah... ngh... hah, ahh...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_07

主人公
『You don’t have to lie. Come on, you can still 
　taste this hand man you loved so much.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0237)
『Kuh... No... nnah... auh, kuh... ah, hah... 
　nnnh... hah, ah, ah... ahh, aah, ahh.』


主人公
『As I thought, you always make nice noises when 
　you rub here...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0238)
『Stop, I’m cumming...! I can’t... hfff... haah... 
　ah... nnh... fffffff... no... stop, stop... I told 
　you...!』


主人公
『If you want me to stop, try swinging your hips 
　and moving your fingers in and out of me of your 
　own accord to invite me. Then I’ll stop.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0239)
『Heh, nnh, ah... heh... That’s... not... true...』


主人公
『I see... If you can’t do it, then I won’t be able 
　to stop...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0240)
『Nnahhh!! Hah, ah, kh... haah, ah... yaah... 
　noo... ah, ahhh... ah... hah, aah.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_08
***LoopCV_リノ_VC前戯系_リノ_通常_小刻み_喘ぎ2_初期{20}

主人公
『The inside of Rino-chan’s pussy is so sticky, it 
　feels like my uncle’s fingers are going to melt... 
　I’m glad he’s happy.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0241)
『Mmm... kh... hah, hah... No, seriously, no... No! 
　Mm, ah, ah... ah... aaah, a-ah!』


主人公
『Do you think you’re about to cum? Your lewd pussy 
　is getting tighter and tighter, making it harder 
　to move. There’s nothing you can do about it.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0242)
『...I can’t... No, I... have a boyfriend... 
　but...! Ah, hiuh, nnah, nh... nnh... ah... auh...』


主人公
『I’m on the verge of cumming from a man who’s 
　supposed to be done with me already, but she’s 
　still acting like a pure girlfriend at this juncture...』

***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_09

暁 莉乃(CH02_0243)
『No... Ah... No, no...gh...』


主人公
『Shall I make you climax soon?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0244)
『N-No, ah, n-no... I don’t want to cum...!』


主人公
『Cum as much as you can... I'll remember exactly 
　what kind of woman I am and whose thing I belong 
　to.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0245)
『Mmmm, mmm... Nooo... I’m sorry, I’ll... I'm 
　sorry... Taka, kun...! Ah, I, this is... more 
　like... Mmm.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_10
***LoopCV_FadeOut

主人公
『You’re my woman! Come on, cum!』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0246)
『No, that’s not it...! Nnhyu, no... ah, ahhh, 
　yaah... ahh, ah, aah, aaah, noo... I’m 
　cumming...!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0401_11

暁 莉乃(CH02_0247)
『Nnh, aaaaahhh...!!!!』


***BGround_BG06_00
***Cinema_END


***SELoop_se_COCicadasILS2R_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}
***BGM_マーブルコーヒー{90}

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(下半＋パンツ半)_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み08汗08_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0248)
『Hahh... Hahh... hah... ahh... hhah... nn, hahh.』


***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口焦り_赤み08

主人公
『You surprised me. You’re as vulgar as ever, 
　cumming so much that you’d lose your nerve over a 
　mere hand man like that...』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0249)
『Hahh...gh...hahh...nh, nnah...haah...ngh... 
　nnh... haah...! Ah... hah...』


主人公
『I can’t believe you’re a woman who’s so good that she’s being treated 
　well in the hallway, and in the end, she’ll be so good she won’t even be 
　able to talk... Well, of course she wouldn’t want her boyfriend to know.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口驚き_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0250)
『Hahh...nh... nnh... hahh...gh... ah... haaah...』


主人公
『This is what you call ‘this’, Rino-chan. Are you 
　self-aware now...?』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0251)
『...No, uu...nooo... Nn, haa...haa...』


主人公
『You still won’t admit it...? Then I’ll have to 
　make you more self-aware from now on.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0252)
『...You’re wrong... Mm, I mean... Bah...』


***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08汗08

主人公
『I’ll make it so that even my mouth can’t deny 
　that she’s not anyone else, but a woman who’s 
　crazy about my cock.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0253)
『...Of course I wouldn’t... Haa... haa...,』


主人公
『It’s not good to be too stubborn... If you don’t 
　listen too hard, you’ll regret it, you know?』

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口つぐみ_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0254)
『...What...what’s that supposed to mean...?』


I could tell she was clearly dismayed. I decided 
to forgive her for today.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口困り_赤み08汗08

After being bitten so much, I have no obligation 
to wake up. Once I calm down, I'll probably get up 
on my own.

***Face_リノ_目困り_口無表情_赤み08汗08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0255)
『H-Hey...』


***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(下半＋パンツ半)_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み08汗08_画面外

***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono{100}[0](1)

I turned on my heel to Rino, who was still 
unprepared on the spot

I developed it from scratch to my liking. I'm not 
giving it to a youngster who doesn't even know 
what horse's bones are.

She's always been and will always be my woman.

***FadeInBlack

***BGM_FadeOut

***SELoop_FadeOut


