


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}


***BGround_BG06_00

After finishing the outdoor chores, it was now
cool inside the school. Going back to the
janitor's office would be a pain.

The work I have to do today has ended at this
hour. All that's left is patrolling...

I wandered around as I thought.

***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

Maybe I should carry the tools I'll be using
tomorrow to the warehouse. But it feels especially
hot today. I don't want to go outside.

Let's just wander around aimlessly, pretending to
be on patrol.

She might be stopped by a teacher and forced to do
her job on the usual route.

Maybe I should go somewhere I don't usually go...


***FadeIn_InSide_Black
***SE_END

―――――――

―――――

***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{100}

After a while, I heard multiple voices that
clearly belonged to the female student.

It's probably a club. When I think about it that
way, my feet naturally follow the voice.

And then we arrive at the gym. I can hear her
voice, but I can't hear the sound of the ball
jumping.

Does that mean it's the rhythmic gymnastics club?
If so, I'm lucky. ...Let's take a peek.


***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***SE_END

***BGround_BG18_00


Just as I had hoped, I was greeted by a blissful
sight. We were in the middle of a rhythmic
gymnastics club.

***BGM_teddy

In front of me were female students wearing
leotards that clung to their body lines.

The advisor doesn't seem to be here right now.

The lively young girls really are great. They must
be doing stretches here and there before practice.

A glossy, smooth fabric clung to his outstretched
arm, and the shape of the part connected to his
torso from the flesh of his arm was visible.

And then, everyone spread their legs so wide that
I thought it was to show me, and calmly struck a
shameless pose.

Just the thought of her fresh, taut pussy deep in
that thin fabric naturally made my crotch feel
hot.

...Ah, this is irresistible. Today, I'll remember
this and use student rhythmic gymnastics.

If they were up against the flexible girls here,
no matter how vulgar their poses and positions
were, they would be good at it.

I'll give you plenty of creampies.

女子部員Ａ
『Let’s do it together.』

女子部員Ｂ
『Mm, it’s kinda hard to stretch out on the right
　side today...』

女子部員Ｃ
『Okay, don’t hold your breath! Stretch it out
　while you’re exhaling!』

Her flying voice was also youthful and pleasant.

One by one, I slowly enjoyed it with my eyes, from
the tip of my head to the toes of my feet.

From the skeleton to the plump, to the height and
chest size... I can see everything thanks to the
leotard.

女子部員Ｄ
『Maybe I’ll do the bridge ahead of time today.』

女子部員Ｅ
『Oh, I’ll do that too!』

It's nice to have an innocent conversation without
knowing what they're looking at.

Looking back and forth like this, some of them
were clearly wearing sunscreen to keep their white
skin white, while others were naturally tanned

Despite the difference in physique, every girl was
healthy, lustrous, and firm.


***ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み02_中央

The girl over there has especially amazing skin
luster. She's quite plump, too...

***ST_ココア_B1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_中央

？？？(CH04_0000)
『Hm? ...Hey! What are you looking at?!!』


主人公
『...?!』

I was half-hiding and peeking, but she noticed my
gaze... My shoulders rippled.

？？？(CH04_0159)
『This place is off-limits to outsiders.』


What's with that... gal...? She's wearing a
leotard, but I can clearly tell from the
atmosphere.

I tilt my head in confusion, feeling out of place.


***ST_ココア_B1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_左１
***ST_リノ_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0020)
『...Cocoa? What’s wrong?』


***ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0001)
『Ah, Senpai. There’s a guy over there I don’t
　know, and he’s looking at me like crazy.』


Oh, it's Rino-chan... While I was thinking that,
she pointed at me, and I couldn't hide anymore.

It would be unnatural to feign ignorance, so I
lightly raised my hand in greeting.

***ST_リノ_A3_レオタード(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0021)
『Ah...』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目驚き_口驚き_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0002)
『Hm? Senpai, do you know that dirty old man?』


***ST_リノ_A3_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0022)
『Huh...? Oh, yeah. We only talked a little at
　school the other day...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0023)
『That guy... He’s not an outsider, he’s a new
　janitor.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0003)
『Huh? Really? Huh...』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃
『......』

***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口への字_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0004)
『Senpai, what’s wrong?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0024)
『I’ll go talk to her.』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口驚き_赤み02_左１

***BGM_FadeOut

田中 心々愛(CH04_0005)
『Ah, yes.』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口驚き_赤み02_画面外


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

***BGM_silent_malice

Rino, who had been talking to Gal, walked over to
us.

And then she stood in front of me. I was lucky to
get to see Rino-chan in this outfit up close.

主人公
『Hey there, Rino-chan.』

***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0025)
『...Um, could you call me by my last name in a
　place like this?』


As she calls out to me, she seems to be worried
about the club members a short distance behind
her. Her eyes are darting around.

主人公
『Yeah. I’m sure none of the club members know
　about your relationship with your uncle.』

***ST_リノ_C1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口への字_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0026)
『Not really... Actually, don’t say it like that.』


Her eyes were more drawn to the outfit that showed
off her body than her cold attitude.

主人公
『Sorry, sorry. That aside... I’ve heard about the
　club, but actually seeing you in a leotard like
　this makes me emotional.』

***ST_リノ_C1_レオタード(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0027)
『I-I’m moved...?』


主人公
『Rino-chan’s grown up too, and she’s been active
　in places with lots of underclassmen... And she
　looks healthy, so that’s what counts.』

***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目怒り_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0028)
『Like I said, I’m not calling you that name...
　Wait, where are you looking?』


主人公
『Ah, sorry. Maybe I should just say
　‘Akatsuki-san’. I couldn’t help but look over
　there because she’s dressed like that...』

I try to put a little pressure on her as she tries
to put some distance between us. I look at her
breasts and the knot at her waist.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0029)
『...Go home already.』


主人公
『Go home...? This school is your workplace,
　Mister.』

***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0030)
『I mean, back to work. I clean the gym after using
　it, and I don’t need to look around since I have
　an advisor.』


主人公
『I see... Then I guess I’ll go take care of the
　work from somewhere else.』

I got a good look at it up close. More... or so I
thought, but I decided to retreat for now.

There was no point in making Rino any more
emotional right now.

主人公
『Good luck with your club, then.』


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

I turned my back on Rino and started walking,
thinking about where to go.

***ST_リノ_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0031)
『...Sigh...』


***ST_リノ_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_画面外

***BGM_FadeOut

When I glanced back at her at the end, I saw
Rino-chan heading back to that gal.

***BGM_teddy


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_中央

田中 心々愛(CH04_0006)
『Hahh, my shoulders are stretching... Wait,
　Senpai... Your face looks really tired. What’s
　wrong?』


***ST_ココア_S5_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_左１
***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0032)
『Mmm... It’s nothing. Um, well... I just told the
　other club members that there’s a lot of new
　janitor girls I don’t know, so I’ll tell them.』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0007)
『Ahh, that’s right. Even I thought you were
　suspicious for a second there.』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0033)
『Ahaha...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0034)
『Okay, I’ll start too...』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み02_左１
***ST_リノ_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0008)
『But you know, even if you weren’t an outsider...
　you were looking at us with really erotic eyes.』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0035)
『Huh...? I don’t think that’s true...』


***ST_リノ_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１
***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0009)
『No, no, I’ve been staring at you like crazy. It’s
　like you’re just stockpiling up on udon.』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃
『...』

***ST_ココア_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0010)
『He’s a really dull old man, so he probably won’t
　have anyone to play with. He’s got a greasy look
　in his eyes.』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0036)
『Cocoa, stop talking about that guy.』


***ST_ココア_S5_レオタード(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0011)
『Though I’ll forgive you for a little bit of
　visual rape if you think you’re only having fun
　using us as cheating material.』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0012)
『Besides, when I think about how desperately you're
　stroking my cock to comfort me, it might make me blush
　a little. It's like the pleasure of being defiled, lol.』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0037)
『Cocoa! I told you to leave it at that!』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0013)
『Ugh... Okay. Sorry.』


***ST_リノ_S3_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0038)
『Come on, resume stretching! Focus, focus!』


***ST_ココア_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0014)
『Okay. Senpai, you’re so serious. Mm, um...』


***ST_リノ_S1_レオタード(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0039)
『It’s normal. Besides, rhythmic gymnastics is a
　competition to show off, so... Phew... I can’t
　worry about my eyes.』


***ST_ココア_S5_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0015)
『Gh... Phew...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0040)
『...Oh! Okay, it’s about time for the next
　stretch.』


***ST_リノ_B1_レオタード(着衣)_目デオォ_口微笑_赤み02_右１
******ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0041)
『C-Commence bending forward.』


***ST_ココア_A1_レオタード(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0016)
『Ugeh... I’m seriously bad at bending forward...』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0042)
『Geez, that’s what I’ve been saying this whole
　time. Didn’t I tell you since I joined the club?』


***ST_ココア_A2_レオタード(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み02_左１

田中 心々愛(CH04_0017)
『It really wasn’t easy at all. But I’ve gotten a
　lot better than I was in the beginning.』


***ST_リノ_B2_レオタード(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0043)
『That’s right. Even if your body’s hard and you’re
　not good at it, you can still make a little
　progress, so do your best today, too!』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_00

暁 莉乃(CH02_0044)
『Nnh, nnh... By the way, why did you join this
　club, Cocoa?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0018)
『Mm, heh... What’s wrong, all of a sudden?
　...Mm...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0045)
『Man, I’m sorry to say this, but, nn, heh... I don’t think I’ll
　be able to join a club for some reason, or... nn... hah...gh,
　there’s a part of me that puts play first, isn’t there? ...Nn.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_01

田中 心々愛(CH04_0019)
『That’s... ah... true, but our school, our club...
　hah... Isn’t that... mandatory? Nnh...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0020)
『It wasn’t mandatory for me, either...! Rah...
　nn... hah... At first, I didn’t feel like
　joining.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0046)
『Yeah, so I was wondering why you did rhythmic
　gymnastics instead of other clubs... nn, fuu...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_02

暁 莉乃(CH02_0047)
『If I wanted to slack off, I could’ve done
　something more... Ahh, I thought it might’ve been
　convenient. You know, like the cultural type.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0021)
『Mmmmm... Look at the leotard in this outfit, ah,
　I've already decided to join the club on the spot
　that this is really good for guys.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0022)
『If someone like me were in such a prim and proper
　club, nn... heh, ah... wouldn’t it be nice to
　accept the gap?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0048)
『Yes... That’s the reason? Mmm... But it’s like
　cocoa, maybe. Haah...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_03

田中 心々愛(CH04_0023)
『Honestly, if I pretended to be able to do a
　little, I... I was going to become a member of the
　Eureka Club, ugh...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0024)
『It’s pretty fun if I do it, nn, even I’m
　surprised, ah, I can’t bend forward anymore,
　though.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0049)
『Compared to when you first sat at a right angle
　and couldn’t move at all... Th-They’re getting
　softer. They’re continuing, and they’re amazing.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0025)
『I’m kidding Ah, that’s right, there’s also the
　fact that I’m having fun with Senpai like this.
　Heh, mmm...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_04

暁 莉乃(CH02_0050)
『Hehe, thanks. Hmm... Mm, Cocoa’s got a serious
　side, too.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0026)
『Ahh, but, ngh, nnh... If I had to say it’s the
　best... then sex has gotten really good...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0051)
『Wh-What...?! Is that the main reason you’re
　continuing?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0027)
『Yeah. Mm, I’ll use my hips, my position, fuu,
　haa... Oh yeah, and then there’s the tightness...
　nn, apparently it’s good, and my boyfriend’s...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0052)
『Hey now, hey now...! Geez! The other club members
　around us can hear you perfectly, and we can’t
　talk about that right now!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0028)
『Then let’s whisper a little. Mm, hah... This
　stretch hurts when I can’t get my mind off it...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0053)
『Seriously, talk in a low voice.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0029)
『Yes. Phew... hah... Oh, and I’ve been wondering.
　Have you already done it with your boyfriend,
　Senpai?』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0054)
『Eh, Pah... O-Ow... Oww...! I-I’m not, th-that’s
　not true.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0030)
『Ahaha, you’re the one who said you’d get hurt if
　you suddenly moved your body, Senpai, so please be
　careful.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0055)
『It-It’s because Cocoa said something weird all of
　a sudden!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0031)
『So, is that for real? Nn, nn... hah... Even
　though you’re so sexy with a body? You haven’t
　done it with your boyfriend yet?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0056)
『Mm... D-Don’t look at me like I’m looking at
　something impossible... I really, um, haven’t done
　it yet.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_07

田中 心々愛(CH04_0032)
『Huh, this is seriously bad, isn’t it? Fuu...
　fuu... Senpai’s boyfriend, he can’t be...
　impotent?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0057)
『I-Inn...?! Haaah... Nnngh... Th-That’s not it...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0033)
『Oh, so you know it’s not impotent. Hey, that’s
　hilarious, lol.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0058)
『D-Don’t laugh... It’s like... when the mood gets
　nice, umm... I’m worried about my crotch...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0034)
『Aha. Yeah, that’s true... Haa, fuu... That’s
　right, I’m the one who got hooked up with the
　boyfriend we’re dating right now...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_08

暁 莉乃(CH02_0059)
『Nnhah... Hm? Um, well... What’s a hamepri...?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0035)
『That’s exactly what I meant. Ah... Phew... I’m
　going to take a photo of you while you’re set up.
　It’s nice and thrilling again.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0060)
『Y-You’re taking pictures of that?!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0036)
『It feels so good. Nnh... Taking photos to commemorate the
　new body position challenge would be a bondage... Would
　you like to take a peek after club activities are over?』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_09

暁 莉乃(CH02_0061)
『I-I, hah... ah... I can’t invite my boyfriend to
　do that!』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0037)
『Ahaha, Senpai, you’re getting too impatient.
　Nnh... If you keep an eye on her with me, won’t it
　be good when you want to go with your boyfriend?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0062)
『I-I’ll be fine. Hah, fhh... Mm... I’m not into
　that sort of thing, l-like cocoa... Nnh.』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0038)
『Haahn... Well, if you change your mind, feel free
　to call me anytime. I’ll show you around if you’d
　like.』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0063)
『Cocoa, that’s... nnh, you’re really good at
　taking care of weird places... Nnh, hah...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0039)
『Nnngh... No, it’s not like I’m taking care of you
　or anything, hah... Seriously, I got a little
　worried... Nnh, fh...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0064)
『...Worried?』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_11

田中 心々愛(CH04_0040)
『Mm... hah... If you know your boyfriend’s erect,
　but you’re not pacoing him, that means he’s making
　you put up with him even more, doesn’t it? Mm...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0041)
『Shhh... Nnh... I’ve never seen a man who doesn’t
　cheat on me because of that. ...Nnh.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0065)
『Phew... Hahh... N-No, I don’t think everyone’s
　like that, you know? ...Nnh... hah...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0042)
『But... Patience, unlike women, seems to be really
　painful. Nnh... Before that happens...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0043)
『Sigh... You should finish this quickly...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_12

暁 莉乃(CH02_0066)
『Mm... I wonder if that’s true...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0044)
『Oh, even if it’s not impotent, if the inside is
　too broken to handle, please tell me, okay?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0045)
『If it’s for you, Senpai, I can lend you my
　boyfriend as a special favor.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0067)
『Geez! Cocoa, we’re done talking about this! The
　junior girl’s looking at us...』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0046)
『I’m whispering, you know? Senpai’s gotten pretty
　loud...』


***Cinema_CI02-OP-0101_13

暁 莉乃(CH02_0068)
『Sigh... Geez... The forward bending ends with the
　next set! We’re going to be practicing the first
　half of the same lesson again today, aren’t we?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0047)
『I’ll do it! Ahh, I’ll finally be able to put an
　end to my predicament.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0069)
『I’ll be done with one set after five more, okay?』


田中 心々愛(CH04_0048)
『Ueh... hiii...』


