


***SELoop_夕方のヒグラシ_ライセンス確認済み{45}

***BGround_BG13_00


Ever since I learned that Rino was in the rhythmic 
gymnastics club, I’d added a student’s rhythmic 
gymnast club member to my favorite odds.

I can't stand the leotard sticking to me and 
digging into me. ...That said, I'm still no match 
for a real schoolgirl.

I'd like to go take a peek at the club to see the 
real thing, but it's already evening. I'll give up 
on today and go on a random patrol.

The sun's setting. The heat's probably subsided a 
little. Maybe I'll head out to the field.


***BGround_BG01_00


***SELoop_夕方のヒグラシ_ライセンス確認済み{100}


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono

There was a bit of wind, but the steamy heat still 
lingered, and sweat trickled down my back.

As I gazed at the long shadow, I heard young men 
and women talking when I came near the clubroom 
building. They were probably students.

If we're a couple, I'll take a peek.

It pisses me off that she’s such a normie for a 
kid, but if I get to watch her breastfight, I 
might be able to turn the woman into an idiot.

I gently look in the direction of the voice from 
behind the building.

***BGM_不穏な空気{100}

***BGround_BG20_01

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03_右１
***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_左１

...Rino-chan and an unfamiliar male student were 
there.

Our shoulders are huddled together as if we're 
close. Are we dating...?

I didn't think Rino had a boyfriend... No, she was 
a good girl. It wouldn't be strange for her to 
have a lover.

...Unsatisfied, I decided to take a peek.

？？？
『Sooo, his feints and stuff are so obvious that 
　he’s actually holding his own team back.』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03_右１
暁 莉乃(CH02_0070)
『Ahaha, what’s that supposed to mean?』


？？？
『If you’re at that level, you’d be better off 
　going around to defense like normal.』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0071)
『Ahaha, Taka-kun, that’s a harsh way to put it, 
　geez. Come to think of it, didn’t you go all out 
　at the district tournament before the break?』


たかし
『Oh, that’s right. Yeah! You didn’t come, did you, 
　Rino? I could’ve definitely shown you my good 
　side.』

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0072)
『Sorry. I just couldn’t go. I was busy with 
　rhythmic gymnastics, too.』


The way she talks cheerfully makes it seem like 
she's dating her boyfriend and girlfriend.

It really had been a long time since I’d seen Rino 
smile. My indescribable feelings were building up 
like sediment.

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0073)
『But I wanted to see you doing well, Taka-kun. I 
　also wanted to cheer you on.』


たかし
『Thanks. When you’re able to see it, come take it 
　seriously.』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0074)
『Yeah.』


She stuck close to the man... and Rino didn't even 
let go. It was a far cry from her attitude toward 
me.

She laughs like she's having fun talking about 
stupid stuff like that... and sometimes looks at 
men like they're playing dumb.

Damn it. What the hell... They're flirting...

たかし
『No matter what you say, if you look at the whole 
　team, they’re in top shape, so the next practice 
　match should be easy.』

***ST_リノ_D1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0075)
『Geez, you’ll definitely let your guard down if 
　you do that, you know?』


たかし
『But the opposing school is seriously weak.』

***ST_リノ_B1_デフォ(着衣)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0076)
『Yeah, yeah. But make sure you practice properly, 
　okay? It’d be really lame if you lost just because 
　you said that.』


たかし
『I know, I know. I’ll practice... and if Rino 
　comes to cheer me on because of that, I’m pretty 
　sure we’ll win.』

No matter how you looked at it, it wasn't a good 
match for Rino-chan. The man she called “Taka-kun” 
seemed like a sports club, which only made me more irritated.

Why would something like that and Rino-chan, of 
all people...? They were too blind to look at.

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0077)
『Hmm... I’m sorry. I was wearing it again on the 
　day of club activities...』


たかし
『It’s all right, Rino’s still busy. Right!』

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み05_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0078)
『Gh...』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口大笑い_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0079)
『G-Geez! Don’t pat my head all of a sudden. I’m 
　not a kid...』


たかし
『Rino’s so cute when she’s blushing and turning 
　bright red.』

***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口大笑い_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0080)
『Geez... I-I’d be in trouble if someone saw me...』


たかし
『You already know who we’re dating, don’t you?』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0081)
『B-But...』


たかし
『If there’s someone you don’t know yet, let’s show 
　them.』

The man’s hand descended, unable to move from the 
head he was stroking to the shoulder, and I could 
tell that he’d tightened his grip on Rino-chan.

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目驚き_口困り_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0082)
『...Ah, wait,” I said.』


Rino twisted her body slightly, and I could see 
her gently trying to avoid it.

That man is closing the distance more and more, as 
if he doesn't understand that at all.

たかし
『Hey, let’s kiss.』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0083)
『No, like I said, if someone sees us...』


たかし
『...But we haven’t even kissed yet, y’know?』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0084)
『So... not yet, or rather, that’s, how should I 
　put it... umm, it’s not a place like this...』


たかし
『Rino, you’re so serious about that... You really 
　are cute!!』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み04_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0085)
『Wah...』


***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_画面外

The shitty brat hugged Rino as hard as he could. 
In that moment, his irritation turned black and 
insidious.

***BGM_マーブルコーヒー{100}

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口無表情_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0086)
『Mm, don’t hug me for a second. Of course... I 
　can’t... I told you...』


たかし
『Rino, after taking a shower? It smells really 
　good...』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目焦り_口焦り_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0087)
『Gh...! ...Geez... H-Hey... L-Let me go already, I 
　really can’t.』


***SE_movement_snow_rr1_mono

たかし
『Don’t be so frantic. You like me, don’t you? 
　Don’t run away.』

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口つぐみ_赤み05_中央

***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口つぐみ_赤み05_画面外

暁 莉乃(CH02_0088)
『Hah... yah... like I said, not yet...』


***SE_movement_snow_rr1_mono

***ST_リノ_E1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み05汗05_中央
The man’s hand firmly touched Rino’s chest, and 
she moved to massage it.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口焦り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0089)
『Yah... nnh... hah... uh, nn...』


たかし
『You’re still breathing, aren’t you?』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0090)
『N-No... This, umm... Taka-kun, you're really... 
　wrong...』


たかし
『You’re not wrong, I like Rino, too... Look...』

A man’s leg was between Rino’s legs, closing in on 
her.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口つぐみ_赤み05

暁 莉乃(CH02_0091)
『Huff, huff... Huff... That’s... no good...』


たかし
『Rino, I really like you...』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレCE_口つぐみ_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0092)
『Please... hah... d-don’t move... Um, I-It’s 
　Taka-kun’s... ah... it’s hitting me... so I 
　can’t... No...』


I don't know if she's rejecting the man who's 
still sitting still and saying something will hit 
her... but Rino-chan doesn't move.

Even though she doesn't know I'm here, here...

たかし
『...Rino, I really can’t take it anymore. It’s not 
　here... I know a place where people won’t see me.』

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0093)
『No, nh, d-don’t...! That’s really... nah... ah, 
　hah...』


たかし
『You’re gasping too, Rino... Let me do a little 
　more... I’ll move after that...』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0094)
『No... I’m not... gasping... Um... I can’t yet... 
　Taka-kun, please really, stop.』


***Face_リノ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み06

たかし
『I’ll make you feel good, and it won’t hurt...』

Beneath Rino's cowering skirt... I reached for her 
crotch.

***Face_リノ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0095)
『No...! Geez...! ...Stop, really...no...』


たかし
『I’ll be fine...』

***Face_リノ_目怒りCE_口怒り_赤み06

暁 莉乃(CH02_0096)
『I’m telling you to stop!!!』


***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_画面外

***ST_リノ_E1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み05_画面外

***Flash_OutSide_White
***CameraShake
***SE_ドスン・ドサ音2{100}

***FadeIn_InSide_Black

Just as I was about to jump out, Rino shoved her 
opponent away with both hands as she tried to 
attack.

His opponent staggered, and though he hadn't 
fallen on his butt, his face twisted in 
discomfort.

***FadeOut_InSide_Black

***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_左１
***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06_右１

たかし
『Gh... What... hurts...? ...You don’t have to 
　shove me away!』

***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口怒り_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0097)
『Hah hah... I’ve been telling you to stop... 
　hahh... all this time!』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0098)
『I-I... I like you, Taka-kun, but... haaa haa... I 
　don’t want to do that yet...!』


たかし
『Seriously, you... You’ve been, still, still...』

The atmosphere was so grim that it was hard to 
believe they’d been laughing together just a 
moment ago.

たかし
『Hgh... Hahh... That’s enough. Seriously. ...I’m 
　going home.』

***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目怒り_口への字_赤み06_右１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0099)
『Huh?! H-Hey! Isn’t it awful to go home because of 
　that?』


Rino-chan's face is bright red, either from anger 
or shock.

***PC_タカシ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_画面外

Even so, the other shitty brat silently glanced at 
Rino, walking off in the direction I was hiding.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0100)
『......You’re the lowest!』


***ST_リノ_B2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口への字_赤み06_中央

...Even as I watched her spit it out in secret, I 
could clearly tell that Rino had melted into a 
man.

Up until now, I've only been able to watch my body 
through a feast for the eyes, but...

Faced with this sight, the dark desire to 
monopolize Rino hardened my crotch.

I won't give Rino-chan...that body to that shitty 
brat.

***BGM_FadeOut

It's mine.

I'll never give it to a kid like that.

Carrying the swirling emotions, I gently walked 
away from the scene as well.


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

------

―――


***BGM_異次元のセピア{100}

***FadeOut_InSide_Black

***BGround_BG20_00


***ST_リノ_A1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗00_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0101)
『...Hahh...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0102)
『...Geez, this really sucks... You’re the 
　worst...』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0103)
『I really am the worst and the worst.........me.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0104)
『Hahh...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0105)
『...When you hugged me, Taka-kun... my heart was 
　pounding so hard... It wasn't just that. I was 
　lusting.』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0106)
『It’s not like you’re... cute or anything. I’ve 
　been expecting it... ever since I was next to 
　you.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0107)
『When I smelled Taka-kun’s... manly scent, I got 
　horny...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0108)
『And when I looked back into her eyes, the eyes 
　that were smiling innocently were really 
　gleaming...』


***ST_リノ_A3_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0109)
『And then I suddenly remembered the gaze of that 
　creepy janitor who’d just arrived...and I got 
　chills...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口困り_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0110)
『Just like that... when you pat me on the head, it 
　tickles... It feels so good... I feel like I’m 
　going to feel good...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0111)
『Ever since you asked me to kiss you... and what’s 
　more... when our bodies were pressed together, 
　Taka-kun’s thing... was touching my thighs, through my pants...』


***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0112)
『......I thought I wanted it.』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0113)
『I was trying to feign composure by pretending to 
　be joking, but my breath caught in my throat.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み04_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0114)
『She knew... I was gasping for air, too... Geez... 
　This sucks...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0115)
『And yet you pushed me away with all your 
　might...』


暁 莉乃
『......』

***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0116)
『The truth is, I didn’t think it was a good idea 
　to do it in that place, let alone in public... And 
　then...』


***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口無表情_赤み06_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0117)
『I know I’m getting more and more wet... It 
　would’ve definitely been bad if I’d gotten my 
　hands on it like that...』


***ST_リノ_C2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口への字_赤み05_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0118)
『That’s why I had no choice...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口驚き_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0119)
『...Huff... Huff... huff...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0120)
『But I wanted it... Even now that I’m remembering 
　it...I’m shivering. I wanted you to do it... It 
　hurts, it hurts...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0121)
『I can’t even cover up that much, so there’s no 
　way Taka-kun wouldn’t find out I’m a dirty woman 
　if he did anything more than that.』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0122)
『I... want to do it too. It’s not just kissing... 
　I want to.』


***ST_リノ_B3_デフォ(着衣)_目トロ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0123)
『A lot more extreme things than kissing, with my 
　beloved Taka-kun...』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0124)
『I want... to do it lots...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0125)
『Mm... haa haa... Calm down, calm down, I...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口への字_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0126)
『I’m even more excited. So... That’s why I can’t. 
　Absolutely not.』


暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0127)
『It’s because it’s me that I can’t do it...』


***ST_リノ_A2_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0128)
『The fact that I... have this body... It’s not 
　cute at all. I’m just lewd, greedy...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目困り_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0129)
『『I don't want her to know...that I've already had 
　that body since before we started dating 
　Taka-kun... ...I absolutely do not want anyone to know.』』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0130)
『『I still want people to think I'm the kind of girl 
　Taka-kun thinks I am...』』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目微笑_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0131)
『Like not hurting... or feeling good... ...It 
　doesn’t hurt, and it feels good... I know that...』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0132)
『I know everything. Everything, even things that 
　Taka-kun can’t even imagine... I’ve experienced, 
　and I know.』


***ST_リノ_C1_デフォ(着衣)_目悲しい・テレ_口つぐみ_赤み07_中央

暁 莉乃（独白）(CH02_0133)
『That’s why I absolutely don’t want them to know 
　that I’m not the kind of girl you think I am, 
　Taka-kun.』


