


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}

***BGround_BG06_01

***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono{100}[5](1)

I slowly walk down the hallway by the second-floor
window. Before long, I hear a bright, lively voice
from outside.

There's a pool in the direction of the voice. I
came here because I knew that beforehand.

***SELoop_FadeOut

It was the trigger for the LIME message I’d
exchanged with Otoha-chan this morning.


***BGround_BG95_01

***BGM_時の流れは味わうもの的なbgm{90}

In the middle of the conversation that started
with a morning greeting...

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0927)
『{Um, this is going to be a completely different
　story from before...}』


Ever since I exchanged contact info with
Otoha-chan, the messaging app I had barely used
had become a little more active.

Today, Otoha-chan changes the subject for once.

***SE_ui_menu_popup_01{100}[0](1)

主人公
『{I wonder what it is?}』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0928)
『{I don't have supplementary lessons today, and
　there's something I'm really looking forward to,
　even if it's not in exchange.}』


***SE_ui_menu_popup_01{100}[0](1)

主人公
『{I wonder what that means?}』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0929)
『{The application to use the pool passed, so I'm
　supposed to play with Rino-chan at the school pool
　today.}』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0930)
『{It's been a while since I've been to the pool,
　so I'm nervous, but... I wish my uncle could've
　played with me like he used to.}』


When I saw that sentence, I knew Otoha-chan was
indirectly inviting me.

She may have been hiding, but she was close to her
mother. Since the act, I thought she might have
learned her lesson...

On the contrary, she's the one who told me to come
see her. In the end, she still hasn't been able to
suppress her own sexual desire and is trying to meet me.

And she's responding to my request again.
...Otoha-chan must be looking away from her own
desires.

It looks like I'm closing in on her, and she has
no choice but to let it happen... or rather, she's
trying to cover up her guilt.


***BGM_FadeOut

――――――――

――――

***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{45}

***BGround_BG06_01


I've been in this hallway a few times while doing
my morning work. ...I can finally hear the voice
I'm looking for.

I leaned my upper body out of one of the open
windows and peeked toward the source of the
bursting voice.


***BGround_BG19_00

***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{80}

***BGM_海辺のステップ{100}

***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目困り_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１
***ST_リノ_B1_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0931)
『Rino-chan, wait. It’s too early.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0287)
『Hurry up and come over here, Otoha!』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み02汗10

There didn't seem to be anyone else in the pool
besides the two of them.

That's because there aren't many students who
would come all the way to a school away from home
during summer vacation just to swim in the pool.

Thanks to that, I was able to thoroughly rape the
two of them with almost no one in my way.

***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0932)
『I’ll be right there, so wait for meee.』


***ST_リノ_A2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0288)
『Hehe, yes, yes.』


***SE_SPLASH_Subtle_mono{250}[0](1)

The blue surface of the water shook and shone as
they laughed together, exposing their
healthy-looking limbs.

暁 莉乃(CH02_0289)
『The forecast said it was cloudy, but I’m glad
　it’s sunny.』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0933)
『Yeah. But I didn’t think it’d be this sunny.』


Both of them were wet with water, and their glossy
skin was even more dazzling.

At that point, her wet swimsuit was no longer
clinging to her body, but to her young body as if
it were digging into it.

Even the slight roundness and curves that you
wouldn't normally be able to see weren't hidden,
unlike the uniform, so it was clearly emphasized.

***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0290)
『It feels like a nice day at the pool. I’ve never
　actually submitted a request to use the pool, but
　it’s pretty nice.』


***ST_オトハ_A2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口困り_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0934)
『Really? You seem to have a lot of friends,
　Rino-chan, so I thought you used it a lot.』


***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0291)
『Nope. Everyone wants to go to the city’s pool if
　they want to play. It’s a little far, but it’s
　big.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0935)
『I see. How far away are we?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0292)
『I guess I’ll have to take the train to a few
　stations. But it’s fun. Oh, come to think of
　it...』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0936)
『Hm?』


***ST_リノ_B3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口困り_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0293)
『What’s up with you inviting me to the pool from
　Otoha? That’s really rare.』


***ST_オトハ_B2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0937)
『Eh, ah... Y-You think so?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0294)
『Yeah, I was so happy when I heard it over the
　phone that I said yes right away, but I just
　remembered when I got in the water.』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0938)
『...Remember what?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0295)
『See, Otoha used to be bad at swimming. If I’m not
　mistaken, she didn’t even last ten seconds to put
　her face on the water’s surface.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0939)
『Y-Yeah. I’m still not good at it, but... you
　know, pool classes seem to be mandatory at this
　school...』


***Face_オトハ_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0940)
『I thought it’d be embarrassing if I couldn’t swim
　that much at my age. That’s why I wanted to get
　used to it...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0296)
『So that’s what it was.』


***SE_SPLASH_Movement_04_mono{250}[0](1)

Even Otoha-chan’s reply, which sounded like
nothing more than an excuse to me, was answered
with a smile, and she swam past him.

***ST_オトハ_D1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

When that wave surpassed Otoha-chan’s chest height
and wet her shoulders, she twisted her body
coldly.

***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0297)
『In that case, I’ll give you special training.』


***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0941)
『Huh?! I-I’m happy, but it’s impossible to swim a
　lot all of a sudden, okay?!』


***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0298)
『I’ll be fine. At first, maybe I’ll put my face on
　the water’s surface after all, or maybe use a beat
　board to practice my flailing legs?』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0942)
『Geez, I’m not in the lower grades of elementary
　school.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0299)
『Ahaha, I’m kidding! I’ll decide after I see how
　much Otoha can swim today.』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0943)
『Hehe... You really are like a big sister to me,
　Rino-chan, and you think so hard about little
　things.』


***Face_リノ_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0300)
『Really? It’s not swimming, but I’ve been teaching
　my underclassmen and stuff during club activities,
　so I guess I ended up like this naturally.』


***Face_リノ_目デフォCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

***SE_Bathtub Water Movement{250}[0](1)

The returning waves wet Rino-chan’s body, and
droplets from her hair ran down her neck,
shoulders, and chest until they curled up.

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0301)
『If you can swim even a little, I’ll invite you to
　the city’s pool next time.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0944)
『Eh, but... umm... I don’t have a cute swimsuit or
　anything...』


***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１
***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0302)
『In that case, why don’t we go buy some together?
　Until then, we’ll practice in the pool here.』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0945)
『Hehe. Thank you. ...Will you join me in the
　school pool again?』

***Face_オトハ_目デフォNL_口微笑_赤み03汗10

When I finished speaking, Otoha-chan looked around
unnaturally long.

***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

...Maybe she's looking for me to see if I'm here.

***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口困り_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0303)
『Of course! ...Hm? What’s wrong? Did you hear
　something?』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0946)
『Ah, n-no. Let’s practice, then.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0304)
『Let’s play first today! Otoha went out of her way
　to invite me.』


***Face_オトハ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0947)
『Got it. Thanks for everything, Rino-chan.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

***Face_リノ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

Otoha-chan answers, bobbing her body up and down.
She looks nervous.

Knowing her, she might be conflicted even while
inviting me. But it's still true that she's asking
me out.

It was about time I made her realize exactly what
she wanted.

***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10_画面外
***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_画面外

***BGM_FadeOut


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

―――――――

――――

―――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***ST_オトハ_A1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１
***ST_リノ_C2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0305)
『Huh? ...It’s already this late?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0948)
『Come to think of it...it’s only until noon, isn’t
　it?』


***ST_リノ_C2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0306)
『Yeah, I think it’s about time for the teacher to
　come patrol.』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0949)
『I see. Then I’ll have to go up.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0307)
『Mm, then let’s report back before taking a shower
　and changing.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0950)
『Yeah.』


***Flash_OutSide_White

***SE_SPLASH_Water_Pool_Jump_01_RR1_mono{100}[0](1)

***ST_オトハ_B2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

***ST_リノ_A3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_左１

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0951)
『I followed after Rino-chan and got out of the
pool.』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0952)
『Every time the supervisor comes to watch, I take
breaks, but when I get out of the water, my body
feels heavy all at once.』


***BGM_FadeOut

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0953)
『I didn’t see your uncle in the end, but I wonder
if he was somewhere... Or maybe he wasn’t
here...?』


***SE_footsteps_asphalt_trainers_walk_slow_x8_loop_mono{100}[0](1)

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

***Face_リノ_目焦り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

***BGM_異次元のセピア{100}

主人公
『Hey, you two. It’s almost time.』

***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0954)
『Ah, Mister...』


***Face_オトハ_目驚きCE_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0955)
『So you’re here after all...』


***ST_リノ_C1_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み03汗10_左１

暁 莉乃(CH02_0308)
『Huh...? What’re you doing here...?』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0956)
『Unlike me, who’s happy now, Rino-chan immediately
hides her body... She looks kind of
embarrassed...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0957)
『Huh...? You didn’t look like you were doing
anything in front of the teacher who came to see
you earlier... Why?』


主人公
『The teacher asked me to go tell her the
　confirmation and the end time.』

***Face_リノ_目睨みNL_口無表情_赤み03汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0309)
『Yeah, so...』


***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10

主人公
『Oh! Otoha-chan, I haven’t seen you in a swimsuit
　since long ago.』

***ST_オトハ_A3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗10_右１

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0958)
『Eh, ah... Y-Yeah...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み05汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0959)
『I was looking for my uncle, but seeing him like
this... It’s still embarrassing... But it makes me
happy...』


主人公
『Man, you’ve changed a lot.』

***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み04汗10_アップ

暁 莉乃(CH02_0310)
『Hey, you’re just staring at Otoha... That’s
　sexual harassment!』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口困り_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0960)
『Rino-chan stood in front of me, blocking my
uncle’s line of sight.』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

主人公
『Oh, sorry, sorry. I didn’t mean to, though.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0961)
『I can tell that Uncle Rino-chan’s body is staring
at me while apologizing for standing in my way.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み05汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0962)
『It’s... embarrassing for me, but if it’s you... I
don’t mind being seen...』


***Face_リノ_目怒り_口怒り_赤み06汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0311)
『Like I said, it’s sexual harassment!』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0963)
『Rino-chan, your face is bright red... You’re fine
wearing a leotard in the club, but you’re
embarrassed when your uncle sees you...』


主人公
『That’s not what I’m trying to do, but hey.』

***Face_リノ_目睨み_口無表情_赤み04汗10

暁 莉乃(CH02_0312)
『Geez... Otoha, let’s go.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10_右１

***ST_リノ_B2_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目睨み_口無表情_赤み04汗10_画面外

***BGM_FadeOut

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0964)
『The moment I wondered why, Rino grabbed my hand
and started walking away from my uncle.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10_画面外


***FadeIn_InSide_Black

――――

―――

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***SELoop_se_cocicadasils2r_48khz_24bit_購入済み{40}

***BGround_BG29_01


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗00_右１
***ST_リノ_A3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗00_左１

***BGM_青空と君と(blue_sky_and_you){100}

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0965)
『The pool was really fun today.』


***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗00

暁 莉乃(CH02_0313)
『I had fun, too. I’ve got Otoha’s special training
　to do, so I’m really looking forward to the
　future!』


***Face_オトハ_目焦りCE_口微笑_赤み03汗00

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0966)
『Hehe, but calling it special training is scary.』


***Face_オトハ_目微笑_口微笑_赤み03汗00
***Face_リノ_目大笑い_口大笑い_赤み03汗00

暁 莉乃(CH02_0314)
『It’s just my imagination, it’s my imagination.
　Okay, I’ll use this place.』


***ST_リノ_A3_新スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗00_画面外

Rino went inside the door to the private room in
front of her.

I put my hand on the door next to it.

***SE_Builder_Game_Door_Open_Squeak_7{100}[0](1)

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0967)
『Yeah, then... I guess I’ll go this way.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目大笑い_口微笑_赤み03汗00_画面外

***FadeIn_InSide_Black

―――――――

***SE_Builder_Game_Door_Open_Squeak_7{100}[0](1)

―――――

***SE_Antique Faucet Water Turn On_加工{100}[0](1)

―――

***SELoop_water_running_shower_dripping_loop_03{100}

***FadeOut_InSide_Black


***BGround_BG32_01


***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目デフォ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_中央

暁 莉乃(CH02_0315)
『You seem to be here for supplementary lessons.
　Have you made any friends?』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0968)
『No, not yet. The supplementary lessons are all
　boys...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0316)
『I see. So what do you usually do? ...Do you play
　with your uncle?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0969)
『Gh...』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口つぐみ_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0970)
『Huh? I’ll only see you if I have business with
　you.』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0971)
『...Why do you want to know more about Uncle?
...I’ll try asking him myself.』


***ST_オトハ_B3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口微笑_赤み03汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0972)
『...R-Rino-chan, um... you seem kind of... distant
　with your uncle... Did something happen?』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0317)
『Hmm... Not really. At this age, I’ve just gotten
　busier with club activities and friends.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0318)
『I haven’t seen her in years, either. We’re a
　little distant, huh...』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0973)
『I see...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口微笑_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0974)
『I went out of my way to ask, but it’s not a clear
answer...』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0975)
『...It’s the same with what happened earlier, but it looks
like they’re trying to keep me and Uncle away from each
other. And they’ll be embarrassed about their swimsuits...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口つぐみ_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0976)
『...Maybe...Rino-chan likes her uncle too...?』


小鳥遊 乙羽
『......』

暁 莉乃(CH02_0319)
『Otoha? What’s wrong?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口驚き_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1557)
『No, it’s nothing.』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0977)
『Of course, it’s not like I should suddenly ask
you about your uncle as a member of the opposite
sex...』


***SE_Builder_Game_Door_Open_Squeak_7{70}[0](1)

***Face_オトハ_目デフォ_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽
『...?』

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0978)
『Huh? What’s, behind me... a door...?』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口焦り_赤み03汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0979)
『Gh?!』


***SE_heart beating_mix{100}[0](2)

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0980)
『...Uncle?!! What are you doing?!』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0981)
『The moment you’re about to scream, you’ve got a
soothing gesture and a finger to your mouth,
telling you to be quiet with your other hand.』


***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み04汗10

主人公
『You invited Rino to the pool from Otoha-chan,
　didn’t you?』

***ST_オトハ_D2_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目驚き_口無表情_赤み04汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0982)
『『In a very quiet voice, as if glued to me, the old
man is smiling as he walks inside.』』


***SE_heart beating_mix{100}[0](3)

主人公
『Maybe that’s just an excuse to show her this
　swimsuit, when she said she liked her uncle after
　all...?』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口困り_赤み04汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0983)
『My heart’s still pounding... It’s really
embarrassing when you put it into words, Uncle, so
I can’t come up with an excuse right away...』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み04汗10

主人公
『You wanted to show off your wet swimsuit, didn’t
　you? Otherwise, you’d just have to change in your
　uncle’s room.』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み05汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0984)
『Uh... uhhh...』


主人公
『You listened to your uncle’s request, didn’t
　you?』

***SE_heart beating_mix{100}[0](1)

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0985)
『I-I didn’t... mean to, but... u-umm...』


***Face_オトハ_目困り_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_0986)
『It’s so close... It’s embarrassing, but I’m also
a little happy... ...My heart’s beating so fast...
it’s still painful...』


主人公
『I wonder if it’s true? It was obvious that you
　wanted me to come take a look at your message this
　morning.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0987)
『Ah, uh... That was... really... I wanted to play
　with you too, Uncle...』


主人公
『Even though you’re bad at swimming, at the school
　pool...?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0988)
『I-I’m certainly not good at it, but...』


主人公
『Even if you’re bad at it, you were trying to show
　me your swimsuit for your uncle’s sake, weren’t
　you?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0989)
『Mm... uh, yeah...』


主人公
『I’ve seen it before, but when you look at it up
　close, it really does look incredibly dirty and
　cute when Otoha-chan wears this.』

***ST_オトハ_D1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0990)
『D-Dirty...』


主人公
『It’s almost like you’re naked, to think it’s just
　this thin cloth.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0991)
『But, y-you’re all wearing them...』


主人公
『My uncle loves Otoha-chan in her swimsuit, too.
　He’s hiding only the important parts, and he’s
　also enjoying the man’s eyes...』

主人公
『The shape of her boobs and butt... Even if her
　stomach is hidden, the cloth is sticking to her,
　and I can really tell everything.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0992)
『Haa... haa... mmm... haah...』


主人公
『You can say in a quiet voice, ‘I wanted you to
　see me in an erotic swimsuit,’ so try saying it
　yourself.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0993)
『...Y-Yeah...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0994)
『...I-I wanted you... to see me in a swimsuit...』


主人公
『No, one more time. I’ll rephrase what Uncle said
　earlier.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0995)
『B-But Rino-chan’s right next to me...』


主人公
『You don’t have to say it so loudly. You can’t
　hear that much from the water anyway, so come on.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0996)
『...I-I understand...』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレCE_口無表情_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0997)
『U-Um... I-I wanted you... to see me... in a dirty
　swimsuit...』


***Face_オトハ_目焦りCE_口無表情_赤み06汗10

主人公
『No. That’s not it... Say it’s a proper erotic
　swimsuit in your own voice.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0998)
『Hah, hah... Eh, eh... I wanted you... to see
　me... in a sexy... swimsuit...』


主人公
『That’s right. Come on, who did you want to see
　and what did you see?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_0999)
『...M-Mister... *pant pant*...』


主人公
『Uncle... what...?』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口つぐみ_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1000)
『...Rino-chan really can hear you...』


主人公
『Otoha-chan, you’ve been breathing heavily for a
　while now.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1001)
『Ah, th-that’s not it... I was just wondering what
　I’d do if they found out about this... I-I’m so
　excited... Haa, haa...』


主人公
『You think so? If they find out—I mean, maybe
　they’re excited because Rino-chan’s here?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1002)
『Th-That’s not... Haa, fuu... haa...』


***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレNL_口困り_赤み06汗10

主人公
『Come on, Uncle’s excited, too. ...Try touching it
　with your hand, Otoha-chan...?』

***ST_オトハ_A3_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み06汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1003)
『No... ah...』


主人公
『That’s right... Otoha-chan’s beloved male cock is
　bent and erect in an erotic swimsuit, isn’t it?』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口無表情_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1004)
『Mm, mmm...』


主人公
『She’s a good girl, so come on, tell me again who
　you wanted to see and what you invited yourself to
　do.』

***Face_オトハ_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1005)
『...Haa, haa... nn, haah... I-I wanted you... to
　see... my... erotic... swimsuit...』


主人公
『All right, all right, I’m surprised you could say
　that. Your cock’s hitting Otoha-chan’s back. Can
　you tell?』

***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07汗10_中央

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1006)
『Uncle, that’s... embarrassing... ...Haa, haa...
　nnah, ahaa...』


主人公
『Come on, stand in front of your uncle, face
　him...and get a good look at Otoha-chan in her
　dirty swimsuit...』

***ST_オトハ_C1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07汗10_アップ

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1007)
『Nnh... I-I want you to look at me, but... I can’t
　believe you’re staring at me so closely... It’s
　embarrassing...!』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0321)
『Otohaaa, did you say something?』

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1008)
『Gh...! Eh, uh... nooo! N-nothing at all!』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0322)
『I see. Sorry, it’s like I’m hearing things.』


主人公
『Come on, if you don’t keep your voice a little
　quieter...Rino-chan’s gonna notice what we’re
　about to do.』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1009)
『Hahh, fhhh... I-I’m sorry... Hah, hah... Wh-What
　are you... going to do... from now on...?』


主人公
『You still don’t get it, do you? Or maybe you’re
　actually hoping for it? ...You’re going to frame
　your uncle’s cock here.』

***Face_オトハ_目驚き_口無表情_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1010)
『Ngh!! ...A-At a place like this...!? Uncle...
　That...gh... That’s... R-Rino-chan...』


主人公
『You’re breathing so heavily, Saka... You’re
　already all wet, aren’t you? Want me to touch
　you?』

***Face_オトハ_目困り_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1011)
『Haa, haa... S-So... Rino-chan...』


主人公
『Hey, hey, don’t blame it on your friends. You
　framed your pussy in front of your mom the other
　day, too...』

主人公
『Otoha-chan was feeling really good, wasn’t she?』

***Face_オトハ_目困りCE_口困り_赤み07汗10

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1012)
『Th-That’s... nn, ah... ha... haa haa...』


***Face_オトハ_目困りNL_口困り_赤み07汗10

主人公
『Don’t make excuses, let’s try it out where
　Rino-chan’s around this time.』

***ST_オトハ_D1_旧スク(上下脱+パンスト脱)_目悲しい・テレ_口困り_赤み07汗10_アップ

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1013)
『I-I can’t... Haa haa, haah, haa...』


主人公
『It’s just bad, but you don’t hate it, do you?
　...I wonder what’s going on with Otoha-chan’s
　pussy...?』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_00
***LoopCV_オトハ_VC我慢系_オトハ_通常_グラインド_汎用我慢喘ぎ_初期{20}


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1014)
『Ah, not there... Don’t touch it...!!』


主人公
『Oh, was the shower water this slippery?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1015)
『Nnh! ...Ah...』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0323)
『Hey, Otohaaa, did you say something after all?』


小鳥遊 乙羽（独白）(CH01_1016)
『I can tell you’re telling me to ‘disguise’ it
with my eyes... They’ll notice...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_01

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1017)
『I-I didn’t say anything.』


暁 莉乃(CH02_0324)
『Hmm? Really? I did hear Otoha’s voice, though.
　Well, whatever. Did my ears get in water...?』


主人公
『...Come on, be quiet. ...But I’ll have to touch
　it more carefully to be sure...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_02

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1018)
『Nnnngh... Fuuh-fuuh...』


主人公
『Even though I’m soaking wet from the shower like
　this, no matter how many times I rub it, I still
　can’t get rid of the lewd slime...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1019)
『D-Don’t say it...』


主人公
『Otoha-chan, you’re already ‘prepared’ too, aren’t
　you? Your pussy juices have been sticking out and
　overflowing for a while now.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1020)
『O-Oji-san, you’re rubbing... ahn...nh... nnh...』


主人公
『If the pussy juices welcoming my cock can’t stop,
　maybe she really does like having sex next to
　someone?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1021)
『Yah, ah... Hah... N-No...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_03

主人公
『You’re not wrong, are you? Come on... Let’s
　stroke Otoha-chan’s favorite spot with our
　fingers... Tell us where we are, okay?』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1022)
『Nnh... Hah, hah... Th-That’s...』


主人公
『Right there...? Where’s that? Come on...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1023)
『Kh...gh... Kuri... ah, hah... uu... nn...!』


主人公
『Come on, say it properly. My uncle’s listening.』

***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_04

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1024)
『Kh... hah... ah, d-don’t rub me...! Fhhh...
　hhah...』


主人公
『If you don’t tell me properly, I’ll rub you until
　you cum, okay?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1025)
『...I’ll say it, I’ll... say it...! Hah, hah...』


主人公
『You’re such a good girl. If you don’t do as I
　say, I’ll punish you for letting Rino find out,
　okay?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1026)
『Haah, haah... Kh... Kuri... Krito... Squirrel...
　is... rubbing... it... no... Haa, haa...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_05
***LoopCV_オトハ_VC挿入系_オトハ_通常_挿入前待機_初期{20}

主人公
『I’m glad I was able to say it. Does it feel good
　enough to make your legs tremble? I can’t take it
　anymore, Uncle.』


小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1027)
『Haaah, haaah... Uncle, stop... I’m going
　crazy...』


主人公
『Then, come on, why don’t we feel good here
　together? ...If I wring out the cloth on your
　crotch, it looks like it’ll pull the strings.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1028)
『I-I can’t do it here...! Rino-cha... nnh... ah...
　uh...』


主人公
『Don’t worry. As long as you hold back, Otoha-chan, you
　won’t be found out. Come on, spread your legs a little
　to support that chair there...and welcome your uncle...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_06

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1029)
『Huff, huff... L-Like this...?』


主人公
『You’re really obedient and lecherous, aren’t
　you?』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1030)
『D-Don’t say it... I told you... *pant pant*...』


主人公
『It means you’re really cute. You were able to
　have fun in front of your mom, so it looks like
　you’ll have lots of fun today, too.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1031)
『Haah haah, Uncle... I... Haah, I’ll definitely...
　c-come out... my voice...』


***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_07

主人公
『You’ll have to do a good job of glossing over it.
　In exchange, you can savor your uncle’s cock a lot
　with your pussy.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1032)
『Haaah, haaah... Uncle, you’re really... getting
　bigger... ...Hah... Hah, hah...』


主人公
『With Otoha-chan’s gooey pussy right now, even if
　it’s big, it’ll fit all the way in to the base.』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1033)
『Haah haah... S-Slowly... down...』


主人公
『I’ll put it in slowly, of course. As long as I
　can’t hold back Otoha-chan’s pussy and swallow it
　all in one gulp...』

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1034)
『I-It’s not that dirty... Nnh... aah...』


***LoopCV_FadeOut
***Cinema_CI01-MS-0301_08

小鳥遊 乙羽(CH01_1035)
『Nnh...! ...!!!』


***Cinema_END


